# 23.09.15 First Meeting

### Attending

* andruzkas@gmail.com — André Diamond&#x20;
* cameron.orourke@gmail.com — Cameron O’Rourke
* eysteinsofus@gmail.com — Eystein Hansen
* felix4swarm@gmail.com — Felix Weber
* miroslav.rajh@gmail.com — Miroslav Rajh
* tevosaks@gmail.com — Tevo Saks
* thomas@kryptolabs.no — Thomas Lindseth

### Summary

* The purpose of today’s call was to explore collaboration opportunities, learn more about each other's backgrounds, and set some initial tasks.
* The conversation started with a discussion about the diversity of people involved in blockchain projects, including their backgrounds outside of coding. Felix Weber highlighted how Swarm started building its treasury system fully voluntarily through proposals in Catalyst and its stake pool as ADA price was declining. They discussed transparency being crucial for legitimacy in the blockchain space.
* The capabilities of the existing tools were discussed, along with the pros/cons of the Dework project management system.
* Felix explained how metadata is used on the Cardano blockchain to track transactions and provide information about topics, task creators, organizations, and dates. We discussed streamlining the process of integrating new projects and sending different tokens in a single transaction. Felix mentioned using the last six digits as user IDs for contributors' wallets.&#x20;
* The team emphasized a hands-on approach to quickly iterate and improve based on practice-based experiences.&#x20;
* They discussed an emerging theory in categories taxonomy and talked about expanding treasuries across different regions with localized scheduling. They discussed making treasuries compatible with each other for cross-chain functionality.&#x20;
* The team raised the importance of recognizing individual work done by people involved in projects, and the importance of recognizing and rewarding small tasks. There is a need for a knowledge base to understand what work is required for projects. Tevo suggested generating proposals from all the work done, which would help identify effective teams and facilitate information exchange.&#x20;
* Eystein proposed implementing a streamlined process with different treasuries running in parallel. Thomas agreed that streamlining the process could eliminate the need for breaks between funding rounds and improve efficiency.&#x20;
* Felix mentioned working towards open-source treasury systems on the Cardano blockchain and developing emerging standards and policies. The conversation also touched on using Gimbal tokens as a standard measure of time spent on tasks, replacing Dework with an improved system, addressing security concerns, and exploring options like sharded Postgres databases for data storage.
* Tevo suggested automating routine tasks in the Dework system. They discussed the limitations of Dework's current functionality and alternatives like Clickups. They mentioned the possibility of using the Dework API and expressed concerns about potential future costs. Felix mentioned their challenges with building their own project management system due to a lack of funds and expertise. They also discussed collaboration issues with the Dework team.
* Felix proposed setting up their own instances of Discord and Dework for collaboration purposes, as well as creating a token on the Cardano blockchain. Tevo emphasized that it doesn't matter which project management tool they use, as long as data can be exported for integration into their metadata database.

### Resolved

* We should have a space to organize around.&#x20;
  * This is to include foundational project documents.
  * Team to discuss where these documents should be, and in what format.
  * Some argue for using Miro, others feel a more streamlined, public facing format is needed.

### Actions

* Consolidate existing Catalyst proposals and develop an interim project overview / directional brief. See: [Treasury management rough sketch](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Wa28FI\_CinsJbKn9pZ15XrbnFHtC-tkundKanGL4giQ/edit?usp=sharing)
* Migrate this document to GitHub/GitBook (Cameron)
* Invite new members to the Treasury Guild GitHub project (André)
* Create a new repo for collaboration (André)\
  Done: [https://github.com/treasuryguild/treasury-system-collaboration](https://github.com/treasuryguild/treasury-system-collaboration)
* Set up collaboration project (task tracking) in Github (André)\
  Done: [https://github.com/orgs/treasuryguild/projects/6](https://github.com/orgs/treasuryguild/projects/6)&#x20;
* Migrate this document into the repository (Cameron)
* Explore Dework API
* Set up next meeting (Felix)
